[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Some other
stuff that I wanna point out,
some links that I wanna direct you to.
And these are all, by the way,
you should all have your PDFs and
you can follow along in the PDFs.
By the way, especially even those
of you that are here in person,
but if you're following along in
the PDFs I have slide numbers up there.
And from time to time I'll make sure to,
if I can remember,
I'll make sure to say what slide we're on,
so we're on slide 7 right now.
I give you that on purpose so that you
can take notes against the slides.
Cuz there'll be times where I show
a slide today where I talk for
45 minutes on one slide.
And there's no possible way for
me to put all of that information
that I'm saying into slide form.
So I highly recommend, as boring and lame
as that sounds, I recommend you take notes
against the slides, the slide numbers,
so that you can go back to them.
But the other thing I'll say is there'll
be links that are provided in the PDF.
There will also be a bunch of places
in the code where I show code snippets.
And the code snippets that I show in
these slides, they're just images,
they're screenshots of colors and
text highlighted code.
Code, which sucks cuz nobody wants to
retype all that code and actually,
shockingly, actually have to write code.
We don't wanna write code, so there'll be
links in the bottom left hand corner of
many of the slides, I'll point it out to
you when we get to it in a few minutes.
But there'll be a little link in the
bottom left hand corner that says code me
and if you click on that link it will pop
you up to a web browser with that code
there so that you can copy and paste it.
It'll run that code so
you can check it out and try it yourself.
So that's a benefit of following along
with the PDFs, both now and later.
First link I wanna point you to, just by
show of hands those of you here in person,
how many of you have heard of
Mozilla Development Network, MDN?
Ok, about three-fourths of you?
Good.
How many of you know that
MDN is an open public wiki?
Yeah, like one of you, one or
two of you raised your hands.
That's why I point this out, because I
think that's actually a hugely important
fact that's kind of, it goes unknown.
We just sorta think, well, there's some
team of people at Mozilla that goes and
maintains all of that documentation.
The truth is it's owned by us,
the web platform community.
So, there have been a number of times that
I've been reading some documentation for
some API feature, and
either said something incorrectly or it's
worded weird, or it's not good example or
there should be added information.
You just sign in, create a free account,
sign in and edit it,
just would like you would with any wiki,
like you would for Wikipedia or whatever.
And we can all contribute to
the betterment to this documentation, so
I highly recommend you do that.
I know a number of people on the MDN team,
they would be thrilled if we could get
more people participating in that.
So as a little piece of homework today,
if there's something that I teach you
about JavaScript, I mention some API or
something like that, as a little piece for
homework, I recommend that you go and
do a search for that topic on MDN,
and see what it has to say.
If I talk about some API, the substring,
string function or something,
go look that up on MDN,
get familiar with that.
Idiomatic.js looks like
a JavaScript project,
it's actually a write up of
idiomatic styles that are commonly
accepted across the web platform,
across the JavaScript community.
I don't agree with everything that's
written there, but you never do.
So, I think it's just
a great place to start,
probably 80% of it I think is great.
If you do not have a style guide for
your own projects or for
your team if you work at a company.
If you don't have one of those, this is
a really, really solid place to start.
Sit down at a brown bag lunch
with your fellow employees.
Read through it over lunch and say, hey,
we agree with that, I like that, but
I don't agree with this.
So just come up with that.
It's a great place to start.
So check out idiomatic.js